Did I hear that right?
Cancel cooperation with the Wú family?
In Dōng Hǎi
Only the Eldest Miss of the Qín family
Has that kind of power
You
A mistress of Qín Fēng
Exactly
Some people
Have ambitions higher than the sky
But never realize
Their own place
Don’t rush
You’ll get a call soon
You little punk
Doing nothing but causing trouble all day
Out there
Did you offend some big shot?
Now every company in Dōng Hǎi
Is canceling cooperation with Wú Shì
Even the deal with Qín Shì
Got canceled
You little bastard
Hurry up and apologize
Or I’ll break your damn legs
The Wú family’s cooperation
Really got canceled?
You
Who the hell are you?
Could it be
You’re really the Eldest Miss of the Qín family?
Darling
It’s probably just a coincidence
If she’s the Eldest Miss of the Qín family
Why’s she out here
Without bodyguards?